# Predicting the risk of delaying delivery of a purchase using association and ranking rules with PySpark.
## What is Supply Chain?
It is an English term that means "supplement chain". It refers to the processes and the different paths through which the products pass, from the removal of raw material to delivery to the final consumer.

In practice, this represents all the activities of purchasing inputs or products, transport, storage, transformation, packaging, internal management, sale, and distribution to customers.

Add to all these steps the physical and process infrastructure needed to support operations.

In the supply chain process, we may also include some additional activities, such as those related to the creation of new products, customer service, financial control, and marketing.

This involves the interaction between several companies and professionals, such as producers, suppliers, distributors, and shopkeepers, in addition to all the necessary logistics that allow the movement of products and inputs.
## Supply Chain and Logistics
Logistics and supply chains have always gone hand in hand. Although the "supply chain" is a new concept, its origin dates back to the emergence of logistics as an object of study in 1950.

It is such a dependent relationship that it is not possible to say for sure whether logistics is an instrument of the supply chain or the opposite since there are authors to defend both concepts.

Briefly, we can say that logistics is responsible for moving products from one place to another and for all the documentation related to these processes.

These activities encompass not only the transport itself but also the strategic analysis to define the most agile and most appropriate means for each type of product, the use of technologies for movement and tracking, risk management, and control of loading and unloading.

All these logistical processes aim to ensure that the products reach their destination on time and in complete safety.
## What is Supply Chain Analytics?
In Supply Chain Analytics we are interested in applying Data Science to the data generated by the supply chain to detect patterns, and anomalies or make predictions.
## Definition of Probe
In this work, we will predict the risk of a delivery delay. To do so, we will use association rule extraction techniques and predictive modeling with PySpark.

Imagine that a company wants to predict the risk of delay in the delivery of products in its supply chain. A customer makes an online purchase, fills in all the data related to the purchase, and receives an estimated delivery time for the products. The company could then use a predictive model to predict the risk of delayed delivery. Because? To take proactive steps to prevent delay, avoid extra shipping or returns costs, and increase customer satisfaction.

## Data source
https://data.mendeley.com/datasets/8gx2fvg2k6/5
